[music]
Beltone First is a revolutionary made-for-iPhone hearing instrument.
Along with being a great hearing aid unto
itself, the connection Apple devices
offers tremendous functionality to
enhance the end-user experience.
This video series will provide you with
the necessary information
to get you up and running successfully.
In this segment to the Beltone First
instructional series
I'll demonstrate the HearPlus app and
all the great features that are
available to you.
The first screen that you'll see when
using the app
is a volume control screen. If you push
the volume up
it will increase the volume. If you pull
the volume down
it will decrease the volume for both
hearing aids. At the bottom of the screen
is a mute button for the hearing
instrument microphones. Below the mute
button
is a switch that allows you to control
each hearing aid individually.
The volume on the right controls the
right device.
The volume on the left controls the left
device.
You can also use a pinch to separate or
combine the volume controls. To enter the
program screen
tap the keypad icon in the upper left
hand corner.
On the screen you'll see all the
programs that are available to you.
You can choose the one you want by
pressing the corresponding button.
The program you've selected will become
highlighted.
You can also choose a streaming program.
Within these, you have the opportunity to
adjust the balance
between the hearing aid microphone and
the stream signal.
You can adjust this balance for the
overall system,
or, in each ear
individually.
To adjust the treble and bass on the
instruments,
tap the icon in the upper left hand
corner. You'll see a selection to adjust
the treble and bass
at the bottom of the screen. Within this
screen
you have the opportunity to adjust the
low frequencies or the high frequencies
up or down by as much as 6 decibels.
After making adjustments to the
instruments, you can save these
an associate them with the GPS location.
You can do this by tapping the icon
in the upper left hand corner and
choosing "At a place."
The next time you return to this place
you'll be prompted to load these settings
into your instruments.
Across the top of the menu screen you'll
see a connection screen
which shows the status at the hearing
aid connection. Next to that
is a battery indicator which provides you
with information
about how much battery life is left in
the hearing instrument. Next
is the hearing aid finder. The hearing aid
finder has two modes
a nearby mode and a map mode. The nearby mode
uses the strength of the radio signal to
assess the distance that the hearing aids
are
from the Apple device.
Within the menu there are a few other
items. First is "My places."
This provides you with a list of geo tags
you have associated with your hearing
instrument settings.
Next, is "My hearing aid." This is an
on-board user manual.
This section provides you with an
overview of device functionality,
care and maintenance, and troubleshooting
techniques.
Finally under settings there are some
additional items.
Most importantly is an area where you can rename your programs.
Thanks for watching and I hope this
information helps enhance your
experience with the Beltone First.